android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int statusBarBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.loader.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int italic
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_search_hint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int keylines
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_tooltipForegroundColor
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int action_divider
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
android.arch.lifecycle.R: R()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_capital_on
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.OnPermissionResultListener
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title
android.support.fragment.R$id: int chronometer
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int icon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int parentPanel
android.support.loader.R$id: int right_side
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int start
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
android.support.fragment.R$id: int notification_main_column
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.loader.R$id: int info
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int controlBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
android.support.coreutils.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int search_plate
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int tv_confirm_permission
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
android.support.loader.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int action_image
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.coreutils.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
android.support.compat.R$id: int async
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: R$id()
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int notification_main_column
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int none
android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: R$style()
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
android.support.fragment.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int tooltip_margin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
android.support.drawerlayout.R$style
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.compat.R$id: int chronometer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int string_permission_cancel
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int keylines
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
android.arch.core.R: R()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int tooltipText
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Tooltip
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
android.support.customview.R$id: int info
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
android.support.coreui.R$id: int async
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
android.support.loader.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int content
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int material_grey_50
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int line3
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
android.support.fragment.R$color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_variablePadding
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int line1
android.support.loader.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
android.support.customview.R$attr: R$attr()
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int windowActionBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int action_image
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
android.support.compat.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_close_btn
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int left
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
com.longrise.android.permission.IResult: void showSettingDialog()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int search_menu_title
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int popupTheme
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
android.support.customview.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int normal
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
android.support.drawerlayout.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
android.support.loader.R$attr: int font
android.support.loader.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr: int fontStyle
android.support.print.R: R()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_iconTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentDescription
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.coreutils.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Shortcut
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
android.support.coreui.R$drawable: int notification_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int italic
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int action_image
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int shape_btn_cancel_normal_permission_dialog
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: R$drawable()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.IPermissionDialog: void show()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int contentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int logoDescription
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int ttcIndex
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$style: R$style()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout_Layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_3_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showTitle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int autoSizeMaxTextSize
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr: int fontStyle
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
android.support.loader.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.compat.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: R$attr()
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
com.longrise.android.permission.R$anim: int abc_tooltip_enter
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int ttcIndex
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int fontStyle
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.fragment.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
android.arch.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int actions
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
android.support.customview.R$integer: R$integer()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
android.support.compat.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
android.support.print.R
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int tooltip_corner_radius
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_font_family_caption_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
android.support.coreui.R$id: int line1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int trackTint
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tooltipFrameBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int shape_btn_cancel_press_permission_dialog
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int tooltipFrameBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_font_family_button_material
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$layout: R$layout()
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.longrise.android.permission.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_firstBaselineToTopHeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
android.support.fragment.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.customview.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int src_in
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int bottom
android.support.customview.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizePresetSizes
android.support.compat.R$id: int line1
android.support.fragment.R$color: R$color()
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableItem_android_id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
android.support.coreutils.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$color: R$color()
android.support.coreutils.R$drawable
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_lastBaselineToBottomHeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int tag_transition_group
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int text2
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int autoSizeStepGranularity
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
android.support.loader.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
com.longrise.android.permission.R$integer: int config_tooltipAnimTime
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
android.support.loader.R$id: int notification_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
android.support.customview.R$id: int action_divider
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_theme
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
android.support.customview.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int action_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout_Layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int accent_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int button_material_dark
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int right
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
android.support.drawerlayout.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.compat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout_Layout
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int showAsAction
android.support.coreutils.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
android.support.drawerlayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int icon_group
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.coreui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
android.support.compat.R$dimen
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int tag_transition_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int notification_background
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int tag_transition_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int trackTint
com.longrise.android.permission.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_font_family_menu_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int right_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
android.support.coreutils.R$layout
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int right_side
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_fontFamily
android.support.compat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_reversible
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int notification_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int screen
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int actions
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_contentDescription
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.drawerlayout.R$layout: R$layout()
android.support.coreui.R$id: int italic
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr: int fontStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorError
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int controlBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int action_divider
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int expanded_menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
android.support.coreui.R$id: int notification_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
android.support.coreui.R
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int tv_guide_permission
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tooltipForegroundColor
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$color: R$color()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonTint
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V28_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int scrollView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_prepend_shortcut_label
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.fragment.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int wrap_content
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout: int notification_action
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
android.support.loader.R$id: int blocking
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowActionBar
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int notification_action
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.fragment.R$id: int line3
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMargins
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout_Layout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int tooltip_vertical_padding
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
android.support.coreui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: R$dimen()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int async
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int split_action_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.customview.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
android.support.fragment.R$id: int italic
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int add
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
android.support.coreui.R$id: int title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_tint_default
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int statusBarBackground
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int forever
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int checkbox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.fragment.R$dimen
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
android.support.fragment.R$color: int ripple_material_light
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int error_color_material_light
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int ttcIndex
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int src_over
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int left
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int right_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int contentPanel
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int tag_transition_group
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$layout: int notification_action
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int iconTint
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int navigationIcon
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int info
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_900
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int material_grey_600
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
android.support.loader.R$drawable: int notification_bg
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.customview.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
android.support.coreui.R$id: int left
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int home
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_variablePadding
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
android.support.loader.R$id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_go_btn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int material_grey_850
android.support.coreutils.R$attr: int ttcIndex
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSecondary
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int action_menu_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.compat.R$id: int time
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int icon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_800
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.IPermissionDialog: com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.IPermissionDialog setOnDismissListener(android.content.DialogInterface$OnDismissListener)
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int paddingBottomNoButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonIconDimen
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int actions
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_subhead_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
android.support.coreutils.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.loader.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
android.support.customview.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable: R$drawable()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: R$anim()
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int layout_anchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundTint
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.fragment.R$id: int time
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int action_container
com.longrise.android.permission.R$bool
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_font_family_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.customview.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.Builder: com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.Builder setTitle(java.lang.String)
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int tooltip_background_light
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_1_material
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int iconTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int up
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int time
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
android.support.coreui.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: R$id()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Tooltip
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int text2
android.support.fragment.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int tickMark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.loader.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int notification_main_column
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int spinBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_constantSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout_Layout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$style: R$style()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_showTitle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_menu_space_shortcut_label
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
android.support.compat.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int notification_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int line3
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_48dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
android.support.drawerlayout.R
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int drawableSize
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
android.support.customview.R$id: int forever
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int action_container
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.compat.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSecondary
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
android.support.coreui.R$id: int chronometer
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr: int fontWeight
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int normal
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int action_text
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int actions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_exitFadeDuration
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int forever
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int StateListDrawableItem_android_drawable
android.support.coreui.R$id: int start
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int text2
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int material_grey_900
android.support.customview.R$attr: int fontWeight
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int action_divider
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int italic
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int spacer
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_16dp
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int closeIcon
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
com.longrise.android.permission.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
android.support.coreutils.R$layout: int notification_action
com.longrise.android.permission.PermissionDelegate: void onRequestPermissionsResult(int,java.lang.String[],int[])
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int text2
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int start
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
android.support.customview.R$id: int line1
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
android.support.compat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int text
com.longrise.android.permission.RequestPermission: com.longrise.android.permission.RequestPermission of(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$string: R$string()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int search_close_btn
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int icon
android.support.coreui.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int customPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int topPanel
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: R$dimen()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int lastBaselineToBottomHeight
android.support.fragment.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
android.support.coreutils.R$style: R$style()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_default
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int async
android.support.compat.R$id: R$id()
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
android.support.coreutils.R$integer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int italic
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
android.arch.core.R
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int background_material_light
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
android.support.customview.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
android.support.fragment.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int paddingStart
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogCornerRadius
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int barLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int layout_insetEdge
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.fragment.R$id: R$id()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
android.support.coreutils.R$string: R$string()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int commitIcon
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int split_action_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: R$style()
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
android.support.loader.R$integer: R$integer()
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int line1
android.support.coreui.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_edit_frame
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$layout: R$layout()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int goIcon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int fontWeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.customview.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int layout_behavior
android.support.coreui.R$color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int action_bar_container
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
android.support.coreutils.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
android.support.customview.R$color: R$color()
android.support.compat.R$string: R$string()
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_tooltipForegroundColor
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int textAllCaps
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_visible
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
android.support.loader.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int notification_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: R$bool()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
android.support.coreutils.R$layout: R$layout()
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int line3
android.support.drawerlayout.R: R()
android.support.fragment.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int image
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$layout: int notification_action
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
android.support.fragment.R$id: int right
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.Builder
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
android.support.compat.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionBarSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int italic
android.support.compat.R$id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int multiply
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
android.support.fragment.R$id: int blocking
com.longrise.android.permission.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
android.support.compat.R$id: int title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
android.support.customview.R$id: int text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_2_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int commitIcon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int elevation
android.support.compat.R$id: int actions
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
android.support.compat.R$attr: int font
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_button
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int tag_transition_group
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int material_grey_100
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_variablePadding
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int layout_keyline
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int permission_title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorLink
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.coreui.R$id: int text2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int keylines
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
com.longrise.android.permission.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
android.support.loader.R$dimen: R$dimen()
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int normal
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int text2
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int list_item
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_search_hint
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$integer
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
android.support.v7.appcompat.R
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
android.support.compat.R$dimen: R$dimen()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int fontWeight
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int blocking
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V26_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.loader.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int layout_anchorGravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorError
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int backgroundTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tint
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int blocking
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int layout_insetEdge
android.support.compat.R$attr
android.support.fragment.R$id: int forever
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int panelBackground
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$integer: R$integer()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int title
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$layout: R$layout()
android.support.coreui.R$drawable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_image
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_48dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int line1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int thumbTint
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
android.support.coreutils.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
android.support.customview.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.arch.lifecycle.viewmodel.R: R()
android.support.customview.R$id: int notification_background
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alphabeticModifiers
android.support.coreutils.R: R()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
android.support.fragment.R$drawable: int notification_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
android.support.coreutils.R$attr: int fontStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int alphabeticModifiers
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr: int ttcIndex
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] StateListDrawableItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_300
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int titleMargin
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.RequestPermission
android.support.drawerlayout.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.fragment.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int right_icon
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
android.support.fragment.R$id: int tag_transition_group
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.compat.R$attr: R$attr()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int action_context_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int icon
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.compat.R$string
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
android.support.drawerlayout.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
android.support.documentfile.R: R()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: R$integer()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_root
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int src_over
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
android.support.customview.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorPrimary
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int action_container
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int src_atop
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int coordinatorLayoutStyle
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int keylines
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int search_menu_title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int icon
android.support.compat.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int action_container
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
android.support.customview.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
android.support.coreutils.R
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int text
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_exitFadeDuration
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int normal
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
android.support.documentfile.R
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
android.support.coreui.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int notification_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_mode_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
android.support.compat.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
android.support.drawerlayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_action
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int tag_transition_group
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int tag_transition_group
com.longrise.android.permission.IResult: boolean isClosed(int)
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer: R$integer()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dialogCornerRadius
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$color: int ripple_material_light
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int notification_background
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.coreui.R$id: int bottom
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
android.support.loader.R$string
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int listMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int editTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.coreui.R$dimen
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int time
android.support.loader.R$id: int chronometer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tickMark
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int layout_insetEdge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
com.longrise.android.permission.IResult: boolean isGranted(java.lang.String)
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int barLength
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int dividerPadding
android.support.drawerlayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_light
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int right
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int voiceIcon
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int icon_group
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$color: int ripple_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$color
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: R$id()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr: int fontWeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int logoDescription
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int src_in
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr: int font
android.support.customview.R$id: int tag_transition_group
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
com.longrise.android.permission.PermissionDelegate: void onDetach()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingBottomNoButtons
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int chronometer
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable: int notification_bg
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int top
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int line3
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int end
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
android.support.customview.R$styleable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int SMS
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int time
android.support.coreutils.R$id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSecondary
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int logo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr: int fontWeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.compat.R$id: int right_side
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int radio
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
android.support.fragment.R$style
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_Support_CoordinatorLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_lastBaselineToBottomHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int submenuarrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int add
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
android.support.loader.R$attr: R$attr()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int none
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.loader.R$id: int actions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int notification_background
android.support.coreui.R$id: int icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_36dp
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int srcCompat
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int layout_insetEdge
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int action_text
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
android.support.coreui.R$attr
android.support.customview.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int icon_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$style: R$style()
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingEnd
android.support.loader.R$integer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int line1
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_constantSize
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
android.support.loader.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int decor_content_parent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
android.support.drawerlayout.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int statusBarBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonIconDimen
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
android.support.fragment.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int text
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.customview.R$id: R$id()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.customview.R$attr: int fontStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_tint
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int actions
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] AnimatedStateListDrawableItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorLink
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int action_container
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: R$id()
android.support.fragment.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
android.support.compat.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
android.support.cursoradapter.R
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int notification_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
android.support.compat.R$layout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_dither
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int button_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.coreui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_capital_on
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_16dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: R$dimen()
android.support.compat.R
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_title_material
android.support.compat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int viewInflaterClass
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int notification_main_column
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.loader.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_visible
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
android.support.coreutils.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.IResult: com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.Builder buildSettingDialog()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_fontFamily
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
android.support.loader.R$id: int action_text
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
android.support.fragment.R$integer: R$integer()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr: R$attr()
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingStart
android.support.fragment.R$id: int end
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_context_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.coreui.R$id: int none
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr: R$attr()
android.support.coreui.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int itemPadding
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int thickness
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.coreui.R$style: R$style()
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] StateListDrawable
androidx.versionedparcelable.R
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_tooltip
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int textSpacerNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$style: R$style()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int paddingEnd
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int chronometer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
android.support.fragment.R$id: int bottom
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_4_material
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$style
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
android.support.coreutils.R$style
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int navigationMode
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int action_divider
android.support.coreui.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.customview.R$attr: int ttcIndex
android.support.compat.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_Support_CoordinatorLayout
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int async
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: R$string()
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V26_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.longrise.android.permission.PermissionDelegate: void onCreate(android.os.Bundle)
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int bottom
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int icon_group
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
android.support.loader.R$attr: int fontStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int layout
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$string: R$string()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
android.support.coreutils.R$attr
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_exitFadeDuration
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int goIcon
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int chronometer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int layout_anchorGravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int height
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int primary_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.loader.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr: int fontWeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int numericModifiers
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
android.support.fragment.R$id: int text
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int tooltip_frame_light
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int tooltip_background_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int layout_anchorGravity
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_tintMode
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: R$styleable()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
android.support.coreui.R$style
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: R$styleable()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_drawable
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable
android.support.coreui.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.loader.R$color: R$color()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int shape_btn_confirm_press_permission_dialog
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int chronometer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$anim
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int splitTrack
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int autoSizePresetSizes
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
android.support.customview.R$id: int icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingBottomNoButtons
com.longrise.android.permission.IResult: void showSettingDialog(com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.OnPermissionListener)
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int isLightTheme
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.compat.R$layout: int notification_action
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int editTextColor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int icon_group
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.OnPermissionListener
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int alertTitle
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int contentPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int src_atop
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_fromId
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int action_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int titleDividerNoCustom
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.loader.R$id: int normal
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.IPermissionDialog
android.support.loader.R$layout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int search_badge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int notification_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id
android.support.compat.R$id: int icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] RecycleListView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableItem_android_id
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int button_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int title_template
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
android.support.coreui.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int primary_material_dark
android.support.loader.R
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: R$id()
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int action_image
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.customview.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int home
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int forever
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int text2
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int trackTintMode
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int allowStacking
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
android.support.customview.R$id: int actions
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_50
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
android.support.fragment.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_cascading_menu_item_layout
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int layout_behavior
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_numericModifiers
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_iconTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_48dp
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.coreui.R$id
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
android.support.coreui.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
android.support.coreui.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int uniform
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
android.support.coreui.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
android.support.loader.R$id: int icon_group
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int actions
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.OnPermissionListener: void onCancel()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.fragment.R$id: int none
com.longrise.android.permission.OnPermissionResultListener: void onResult(com.longrise.android.permission.IResult)
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
android.support.coreui.R$string: R$string()
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int action_bar_root
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int tv_cancel_permission
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int autoSizeMinTextSize
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int custom
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int right_side
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_title_divider_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
android.support.compat.R$styleable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
android.support.fragment.R$styleable
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
android.support.customview.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_exitFadeDuration
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int action_image
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int async
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int layout_anchor
android.support.coreui.R$id: int right
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
android.support.customview.R$layout: int notification_action
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int text
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.customview.R$dimen: R$dimen()
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int title
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout: int notification_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: R$string()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizePresetSizes
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int STORAGE
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int action_image
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$integer: R$integer()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int AUDIO
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int right_side
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_capital_off
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_cascading_menu_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
android.support.fragment.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
android.support.fragment.R$id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
android.support.coreutils.R$color
android.support.fragment.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int end
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int queryBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.customview.R$style: R$style()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_SubmenuArrow
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$color: int ripple_material_light
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_menu_divider
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.compat.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
android.support.coreui.R$id: R$id()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int itemPadding
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int tooltip_frame_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int blocking
android.support.coreutils.R$drawable: R$drawable()
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
android.support.customview.R$style
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
android.support.compat.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
android.arch.lifecycle.livedata.R
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
android.support.loader.R$layout: R$layout()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R: R()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
android.support.loader.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
android.support.compat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int submit_area
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
com.longrise.android.permission.IResult: int[] getGrantResults()
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_numericModifiers
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] StateListDrawable
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int tooltip_margin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
android.support.loader.R$style
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int material_grey_300
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
android.support.coreutils.R$integer: R$integer()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int background_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingTopNoTitle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int content
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
android.support.loader.R$layout: int notification_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer: R$integer()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thumbTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_alphabeticModifiers
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
android.support.fragment.R$id: int action_image
android.support.coreutils.R$color: R$color()
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int notification_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
android.support.fragment.R$id: int icon
android.support.compat.R$color: R$color()
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int action_divider
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int statusBarBackground
android.support.coreutils.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
android.support.coreutils.R$attr: int fontWeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int homeLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_enterFadeDuration
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int custom
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R: R()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
android.support.coreutils.R$string
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr: int font
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int right
android.support.customview.R$id: int title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int submitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int popupTheme
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int colorPrimary
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int expand_activities_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int blocking
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout: R$layout()
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int ttcIndex
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: R$layout()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
android.support.loader.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int tooltip_background_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int accent_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int async
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
android.support.customview.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int up
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_menu_function_shortcut_label
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
android.support.fragment.R$attr: R$attr()
android.support.customview.R$attr: int font
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int accent_material_light
android.support.customview.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ttcIndex
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int submenuarrow
android.support.compat.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable: R$drawable()
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_viewInflaterClass
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: R$styleable()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
com.longrise.android.permission.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int searchIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
android.support.coreutils.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
android.support.fragment.R$id: int right_side
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: R$id()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int title
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int collapseIcon
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.Builder: com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.Builder setCancelable(boolean)
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable
android.support.coreui.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int colorAccent
android.support.coreutils.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int icon_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int alertTitle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
android.support.coreui.R$integer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int layout_keyline
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int CALENDAR
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int checkbox
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_search_view
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int start
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.coreui.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int search_src_text
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int numericModifiers
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.compat.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int statusBarBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_visible
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_tooltipText
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int right_icon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int blocking
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
android.support.coreui.R$layout
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int italic
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int foreground_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int colorPrimaryDark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int right_icon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_constantSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: R$color()
android.support.fragment.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int autoSizeTextType
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int shape_bg_permission_dialog
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout
android.support.loader.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
android.support.loader.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int group_divider
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int search_go_btn
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V28_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.coreui.R$id: int text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int color
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int action_text
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
android.support.coreutils.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int forever
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int expanded_menu
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: R$dimen()
com.longrise.android.permission.PermissionDelegate: java.lang.String KEY
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int submitBackground
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
android.support.customview.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int firstBaselineToTopHeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int permission_content
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int text2
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] StateListDrawableItem
android.support.customview.R$color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
com.longrise.android.permission.RequestPermission: com.longrise.android.permission.PermissionNode onResult(com.longrise.android.permission.OnPermissionResultListener)
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
android.support.coreui.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
android.support.coreutils.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.compat.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
android.support.fragment.R$integer
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
android.support.compat.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
android.support.fragment.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.coreui.R$id: int forever
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int end
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.compat.R$drawable: R$drawable()
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int layout_behavior
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int edit_query
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
android.support.compat.R$id: int action_image
android.support.compat.R$id: int text2
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
android.support.coreutils.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
android.support.loader.R$id: int line3
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int line1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int layout_anchor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
android.support.v7.viewpager.R: R()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int italic
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.coreui.R$id: int info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int queryHint
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
android.support.customview.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int icon
com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.IPermissionDialog: com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.IPermissionDialog setOnCancelListener(android.content.DialogInterface$OnCancelListener)
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int image
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int none
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int forever
android.support.fragment.R$drawable: R$drawable()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int editTextBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
android.support.compat.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int layout_anchorGravity
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
android.support.drawerlayout.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
android.support.loader.R$id: int forever
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dividerPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
android.support.customview.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
android.support.fragment.R$id: int line1
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int action_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int tag_transition_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
android.support.loader.R$attr
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int chronometer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int showDividers
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.compat.R$id: int tag_transition_group
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
android.support.compat.R$id: int action_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int layout_behavior
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_menu_space_shortcut_label
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.compat.R$id: int normal
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
android.support.customview.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
android.support.coreui.R$layout: R$layout()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: R$attr()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label
android.support.coreui.R$id: int notification_main_column
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$layout: R$layout()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
android.support.loader.R$color: int ripple_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int displayOptions
android.support.coreutils.R$drawable: int notification_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: R$id()
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int layout_anchor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingBottomNoButtons
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int notification_main_column
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
android.support.loader.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_drawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.fragment.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$color: int ripple_material_light
android.support.fragment.R$id: int action_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable: int notification_bg
android.support.loader.R$id: int tag_transition_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int titleMargins
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableItem_android_drawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int coordinatorLayoutStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int error_color_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
android.support.loader.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_36dp
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] View
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
android.support.customview.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int right_side
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int right_side
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.compat.R$id: int italic
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$style: int Widget_Support_CoordinatorLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.loader.R$id: int notification_main_column
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeTextType
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int theme
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
android.support.coreutils.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$layout
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_voice_btn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int top
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int info
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int fontWeight
android.support.graphics.drawable.R
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_tooltip_enter
android.support.drawerlayout.R$string: R$string()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int buttonPanel
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionViewClass
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int edit_query
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int buttonIconDimen
android.support.customview.R$id: int line3
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
android.support.interpolator.R
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int blocking
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$integer
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int layout_behavior
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int right_side
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
android.support.customview.R$id: int time
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_4_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
android.support.customview.R$dimen
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$layout: int notification_action
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int text2
android.support.coreui.R$id: int normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
android.support.compat.R$attr: int fontStyle
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr: int ttcIndex
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_search_view
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int right_icon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
android.support.compat.R$layout: R$layout()
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout: R$layout()
com.longrise.android.permission.PermissionNode: void check(java.lang.String[])
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
android.support.customview.R$id: int notification_main_column
android.support.coreui.R$id: int action_image
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarSize
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
android.support.fragment.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
android.support.loader.R$attr: int ttcIndex
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
android.support.customview.R$id: int text2
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int tooltip_y_offset_touch
android.support.customview.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int buttonStyle
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_tintMode
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$string
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_tint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int fontStyle
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
android.support.fragment.R$string
android.support.customview.R: R()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int panelBackground
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dialogTheme
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int action_image
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
com.longrise.android.permission.PermissionNode: void check(java.lang.String)
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int tabMode
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int layout_anchor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_iconTintMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int titleDividerNoCustom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_menu_function_shortcut_label
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.compat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
android.support.compat.R$id: int line3
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.coreui.R$id: int action_container
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable: R$drawable()
android.support.customview.R
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_enterFadeDuration
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.fragment.R$id: int notification_background
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$style
android.support.drawerlayout.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
android.support.coreutils.R$id: R$id()
android.support.coreui.R: R()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
android.support.loader.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
android.support.coreutils.R$attr: R$attr()
android.support.compat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.Builder: com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.Builder setGuide(java.lang.String)
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int error_color_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int tooltip_y_offset_touch
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int text
android.support.v7.viewpager.R
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
android.support.customview.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
android.support.fragment.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
android.support.customview.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int right_icon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_SubmenuArrow
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_3_material
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int left
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int normal
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int navigationIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
android.support.coreutils.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
android.support.fragment.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
android.support.compat.R: R()
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int default_activity_button
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int iconTint
android.support.drawerlayout.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int layout_anchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int scrollView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_1_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int queryHint
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: R$id()
android.support.customview.R$id: int right_icon
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.coreui.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: R$dimen()
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr: int ttcIndex
android.support.coreui.R$id: int action_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thickness
android.support.compat.R$integer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int search_button
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSecondary
android.support.loader.R$id: int text2
android.support.fragment.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int closeIcon
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_showTitle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V26_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int async
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr: int font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int title_template
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int autoSizePresetSizes
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_container
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
android.support.compat.R$drawable: int notification_bg
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int listLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int dialogCornerRadius
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$color
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: R$attr()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int tooltip_frame_dark
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonIconDimen
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int blocking
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: R$styleable()
android.support.fragment.R$id: int info
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int material_grey_800
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_2_material
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int layout_keyline
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int lineHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int PHONE
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showDividers
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int selector_btn_cancel_permission_dialog
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
android.arch.lifecycle.livedata.core.R: R()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tintMode
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: R$styleable()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
android.support.coreui.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int async
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
android.support.compat.R$id: int blocking
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_badge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_lineHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
android.support.compat.R$style: R$style()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
android.support.loader.R$id: int action_divider
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
android.support.coreui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
android.support.localbroadcastmanager.R: R()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
android.support.customview.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
android.support.loader.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int font
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr: int ttcIndex
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: R$dimen()
android.support.compat.R$integer: R$integer()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_dither
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int layout_keyline
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.customview.R$color: int ripple_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_corner_radius_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int layout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int divider
android.support.coreui.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.loader.R$id: int title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] RecycleListView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int async
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
android.support.loader.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
android.support.customview.R$id: int right_side
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
android.support.coreutils.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$color: R$color()
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
com.longrise.android.permission.IResult
android.support.compat.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_tooltip
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
android.support.fragment.R$attr
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int search_voice_btn
android.support.coreui.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_container
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
android.support.coreui.R$id: int blocking
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.fragment.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int action_bar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int fontStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
android.support.customview.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int buttonPanel
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.coreutils.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: R$styleable()
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int title
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int left
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int editTextStyle
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
android.arch.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_material_light
android.support.coreutils.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
android.support.fragment.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
android.support.fragment.R$layout: int notification_action
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int drawableSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: R$dimen()
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int tintMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.loader.R$id: int time
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int tooltip_corner_radius
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.compat.R$id: int text
com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.OnPermissionListener: void onConfirm()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: R$styleable()
android.support.loader.R$id: R$id()
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int forever
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.customview.R$styleable: R$styleable()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.longrise.android.permission.IResult: boolean isGranted(int)
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int actions
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_fontFamily
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int layout_insetEdge
android.support.customview.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$style
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
android.support.drawerlayout.R$color: int ripple_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label
com.longrise.android.permission.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int fontFamily
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int fontStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
android.support.loader.R$styleable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int autoSizeMaxTextSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: R$styleable()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.loader.R$string: R$string()
android.support.compat.R$id: int action_divider
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeStepGranularity
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int blocking
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
android.support.fragment.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeStepGranularity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionViewClass
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int spinBars
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int autoSizeMinTextSize
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
android.support.loader.R: R()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$style
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int dialog_permission_request
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int right_icon
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$style: R$style()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
android.support.coreui.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
android.support.loader.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int info
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: R$styleable()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
android.arch.lifecycle.R
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$string
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int buttonTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int line1
android.support.coreutils.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
android.support.coreui.R$color: int ripple_material_light
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int submit_area
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listLayout
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int layout_anchorGravity
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int actions
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int action_text
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int switchPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_dither
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int editTextColor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int coordinatorLayoutStyle
android.support.loader.R$color
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int firstBaselineToTopHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_fontFamily
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.compat.R$id: int notification_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_100
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.customview.R$drawable: int notification_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
android.support.customview.R$id: int chronometer
android.support.customview.R$string
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
android.support.loader.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
android.support.coreutils.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int CAMERA
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int tv_title_permission
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int line3
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
android.support.fragment.R$id: int left
android.support.customview.R$id: int normal
android.support.coreui.R$string
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int action_divider
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int lastBaselineToBottomHeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int notification_bg
android.support.customview.R$drawable: R$drawable()
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
android.arch.lifecycle.livedata.R: R()
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int line3
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int fontWeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.longrise.android.permission.RequestPermission: com.longrise.android.permission.RequestPermission of(android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity)
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dividerVertical
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
android.support.compat.R$attr: int fontWeight
android.support.compat.R$attr: int ttcIndex
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
android.support.localbroadcastmanager.R
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
android.support.loader.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int chronometer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_fromId
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int selector_btn_confirm_permission_dialog
android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr: int font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int shortcut
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
android.support.coreutils.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int icon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int config_tooltipAnimTime
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.loader.R$id: int right_icon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int progress_circular
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R
android.support.loader.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int fontWeight
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
android.support.customview.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int info
android.support.drawerlayout.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
android.support.customview.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.customview.R$id: int action_image
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
android.support.loader.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.fragment.R$id: int async
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr: R$attr()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: R$color()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
com.longrise.android.permission.R$integer: R$integer()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int message
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_title_material
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int right_side
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int action_text
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_850
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int icon
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_font_family_headline_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_reversible
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int coordinatorLayoutStyle
android.support.loader.R$id: int text
android.support.loader.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int info
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int tabMode
android.support.coreui.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.loader.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
android.support.fragment.R$id: int normal
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int fontFamily
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorAccent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int parentPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_visible
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int voiceIcon
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
android.support.loader.R$id: int icon
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
android.support.customview.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int notification_main_column
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int notification_main_column
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int layout_keyline
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$integer: R$integer()
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int forever
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int permission_guide
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$color: R$color()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: R$styleable()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
com.longrise.android.permission.IResult: boolean isClosed()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int queryBackground
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int coordinatorLayoutStyle
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int action_text
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int tag_transition_group
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V28_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
android.support.fragment.R: R()
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$style: int Widget_Support_CoordinatorLayout
android.support.coreui.R$integer: R$integer()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$string
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
android.support.compat.R$color: int ripple_material_light
android.support.coreui.R$id: int end
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int chronometer
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.customview.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr: int alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
android.support.customview.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
android.support.compat.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.coreui.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int tooltip_background_light
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
android.support.customview.R$id
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int progress_horizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
android.support.fragment.R$layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int text2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.compat.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr: R$attr()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.loader.R$style: R$style()
android.support.fragment.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
android.support.cursoradapter.R: R()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_plate
android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeMinTextSize
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_text_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeMinTextSize
android.support.coreutils.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int tv_content_permission
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int action_text
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int tooltip_horizontal_padding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int fontStyle
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int icon
android.support.compat.R$id: int right_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AnimatedStateListDrawableItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.fragment.R$id: int action_divider
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
android.support.coreui.R$id: int right_icon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int notification_main_column
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int wrap_content
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMargin
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int action_mode_bar
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int foreground_material_light
android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr: int fontWeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_tooltip_exit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_fontFamily
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int colorAccent
android.support.graphics.drawable.R: R()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$anim: int abc_tooltip_exit
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int LOCATION
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.coreui.R$id: int right_side
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int action_divider
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr: R$attr()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingTopNoTitle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int action_bar_title
android.support.loader.R$dimen
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int trackTintMode
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
android.support.coreui.R$id: int tag_transition_group
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: R$styleable()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int shortcut
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int tooltip_y_offset_non_touch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogCornerRadius
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
android.support.coreui.R$id: int line3
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_prepend_shortcut_label
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int CONTACTS
android.support.coreui.R$style: int Widget_Support_CoordinatorLayout
android.support.loader.R$styleable: R$styleable()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.customview.R$string: R$string()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
android.support.compat.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
android.support.customview.R$id: int action_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.coreui.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int string_permission_confirm
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
android.support.loader.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.coreutils.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int decor_content_parent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableItem_android_drawable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int icon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int showTitle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
com.longrise.android.permission.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int app_name
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.PermissionDelegate: void onAttach(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int tooltip_y_offset_non_touch
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
android.support.loader.R$id: int action_image
android.support.drawerlayout.R$layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int theme
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.coreutils.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
android.support.compat.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_iconTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
android.support.compat.R$id: int notification_main_column
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
android.support.customview.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int right_icon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleTextColor
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int layout_keyline
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int message
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
android.support.compat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
android.support.coreui.R$color: R$color()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int accent_material_dark
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.compat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int chronometer
android.support.coreui.R$styleable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int shape_btn_confirm_normal_permission_dialog
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$string: R$string()
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
android.support.coreutils.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
android.support.loader.R$drawable
android.support.customview.R$id: int action_text
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_tooltipText
android.support.coreui.R$id: int time
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int expand_activities_button
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
android.support.compat.R$id: int forever
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.fragment.R$id: int text2
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
android.support.coreutils.R$color: int ripple_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.drawerlayout.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$string: R$string()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_menu_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$anim: R$anim()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
com.longrise.android.permission.IResult: boolean isClosed(java.lang.String)
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int titleTextColor
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int layout_anchorGravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.compat.R$id: int icon_group
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int buttonGravity
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.Builder: void show()
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonGravity
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.drawerlayout.R$integer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int StateListDrawableItem_android_drawable
com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.IPermissionDialog: com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.IPermissionDialog setOnPermissionListener(com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.OnPermissionListener)
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int homeLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.drawerlayout.R$style: R$style()
android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_600
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int search_mag_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int search_edit_frame
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int icon_group
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_caption_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int chronometer
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
android.support.drawerlayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int notification_main_column
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingTopNoTitle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
com.longrise.android.permission.R$integer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.coreui.R$id: int action_text
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
android.support.fragment.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V26_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int info
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$color: int ripple_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int tag_transition_group
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int blocking
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$layout: int notification_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int collapseIcon
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$string
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int list_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int paddingTopNoTitle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int View_theme
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int allowStacking
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int button_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int layout_insetEdge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int tooltipForegroundColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
android.support.customview.R$layout: R$layout()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_src_text
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
android.support.compat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.fragment.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
android.support.coreui.R$attr: R$attr()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int colorPrimary
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int action_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_fontFamily
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int line3
com.longrise.android.permission.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.drawerlayout.R$integer: R$integer()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int actions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
com.longrise.android.permission.PermissionDelegate
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int action_image
android.support.fragment.R$id: int right_icon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V28_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int keylines
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: R$dimen()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.compat.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable
android.support.drawerlayout.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorError
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_alphabeticModifiers
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int dialogTheme
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int line3
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_title_divider_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int tooltip_vertical_padding
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
android.support.fragment.R$id: int top
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int async
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable: R$drawable()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.fragment.R$id: int icon_group
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int uniform
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int group_divider
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int time
android.support.coreui.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int splitTrack
android.support.coreutils.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int topPanel
android.support.coreui.R$layout: int notification_action
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.loader.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int action_image
android.support.coreutils.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.compat.R$id: int info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int action_container
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$attr: int fontStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_firstBaselineToTopHeight
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V26_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int listMode
android.support.compat.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int end
android.support.customview.R$id: int italic
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int fontStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int lineHeight
com.longrise.android.permission.PermissionDelegate: void check(java.lang.String[],com.longrise.android.permission.OnPermissionResultListener)
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int tint
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_material
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int right_side
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
android.support.fragment.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.compat.R$color
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tooltipText
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int colorError
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int forever
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int progress_circular
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
android.support.customview.R$id: int icon_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int autoSizeStepGranularity
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
android.support.coreutils.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int progress_horizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int font
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_corner_radius_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int textSpacerNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$integer: R$integer()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int track
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int line3
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int line1
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$string: R$string()
android.support.compat.R$id: int action_text
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int time
android.support.customview.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_tooltipFrameBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: R$layout()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.coreutils.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
android.support.coreui.R$attr: int layout_behavior
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
android.support.compat.R$style
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_enterFadeDuration
android.support.drawerlayout.R$string
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int customPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_2_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.coreutils.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_font_family_subhead_material
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$string: R$string()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_variablePadding
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int line1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_lineHeight
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int action_container
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int icon
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int multiply
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int start
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int ripple_material_light
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int normal
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int color
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V26_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
android.support.loader.R$id: int italic
android.support.coreui.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_enterFadeDuration
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.customview.R$integer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int searchIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
android.support.compat.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
android.support.coreui.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_constantSize
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int line3
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int radio
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int blocking
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int elevation
android.support.drawerlayout.R$color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int icon
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
android.support.customview.R$drawable
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int text
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: R$dimen()
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$color: R$color()
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int italic
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
com.longrise.android.permission.IResult: com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.IPermissionDialog createSettingDialog()
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int height
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: R$dimen()
android.support.drawerlayout.R$layout: int notification_action
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
android.support.compat.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.drawerlayout.R$color: R$color()
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R: R()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int track
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.loader.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_button_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int italic
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Tooltip
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int action_container
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
android.support.fragment.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
android.support.coreutils.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int right
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
android.support.compat.R$styleable: R$styleable()
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.fragment.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int error_color_material_light
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int icon_group
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int dividerVertical
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_capital_off
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_headline_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.fragment.R$id: int start
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showAsAction
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int async
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int autoSizeTextType
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int showText
android.support.loader.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int tooltip_horizontal_padding
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Shortcut
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int right_icon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
android.support.compat.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int navigationMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset
com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.Builder: com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.PermissionDialog create()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_toId
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$bool: R$bool()
android.support.loader.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
com.longrise.android.permission.R: R()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int chronometer
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R: R()
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$color: R$color()
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$id: int right_side
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
android.support.compat.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.compat.R$drawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
android.support.customview.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.customview.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: R$attr()
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
android.support.fragment.R$string: R$string()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
android.support.coreutils.R$id: int actions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_material_dark
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.interpolator.R: R()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout_Layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int tooltip_frame_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
android.support.coreutils.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
android.support.compat.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
android.support.fragment.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
android.support.coreui.R$id: int actions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_light
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int none
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_tooltipFrameBackground
android.support.fragment.R$id: int action_text
android.support.customview.R$layout
android.support.loader.R$id: int async
android.support.fragment.R$id: int actions
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$color: int ripple_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int switchStyle
android.support.drawerlayout.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen: R$dimen()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int keylines
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
com.longrise.android.permission.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int notification_main_column
android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
android.support.loader.R$id: int line1
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
android.support.customview.R$id: int blocking
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int coordinatorLayoutStyle
android.support.fragment.R
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int icon_group
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
android.support.fragment.R$layout: R$layout()
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R: R()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int action_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int time
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int forever
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
android.support.fragment.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int logo
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeTextType
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int viewInflaterClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
android.support.drawerlayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.loader.R$id: int action_container
android.support.fragment.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: R$dimen()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int search_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
android.support.loader.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr: int ttcIndex
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.longrise.android.permission.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_text_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int fontWeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
android.support.loader.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
android.support.customview.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int ripple_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.coreui.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
android.support.coreui.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
android.support.loader.R$attr: int fontWeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
android.support.customview.R$attr
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg
android.support.loader.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
android.support.drawerlayout.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] View
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
android.support.coreutils.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.coreutils.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
android.support.loader.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int iconTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeMaxTextSize
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_title
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int icon_group
android.support.fragment.R$style: R$style()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
android.support.coreutils.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: R$id()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_contentDescription
com.longrise.android.permission.PermissionNode
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int spacer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int isLightTheme
android.support.customview.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$id: int top
android.support.fragment.R$drawable
android.support.coreui.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
android.support.customview.R$id: int async
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_48dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
android.support.loader.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_dither
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int notification_main_column
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$id: int right_side
android.support.coreui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int text2
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
com.longrise.android.permission.IResult: boolean isGranted()
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
android.support.coreutils.R$attr: int font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_toId
android.support.coreui.R$id: int icon_group
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.Builder: com.longrise.android.permission.dialog.Builder setContent(java.lang.String)
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int SENSORS
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
android.support.customview.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int forever
android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.coreui.R$id: int top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: R$styleable()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeMaxTextSize
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_mag_icon
android.support.loader.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
android.support.drawerlayout.R$id: int info
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int screen
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
android.support.fragment.R$id: int title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
android.support.coreutils.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int italic
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
com.longrise.android.permission.IResult: java.lang.String[] getPermissions()
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int listItemLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int editTextBackground
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_viewInflaterClass
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$attr: int font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$id: int line1
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int text
android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr: int fontStyle
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.compat.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
android.support.v7.viewpager.R$style: R$style()
android.support.fragment.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int displayOptions
com.longrise.android.permission.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
android.support.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
com.longrise.android.permission.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int font
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int ttcIndex
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
com.longrise.android.permission.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.drawerlayout.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
androidx.versionedparcelable.R: R()
android.support.graphics.drawable.R$drawable: int notification_bg
android.support.compat.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.fragment.R$style: int Widget_Support_CoordinatorLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int srcCompat
com.longrise.android.permission.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.drawerlayout.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
android.support.coordinatorlayout.R$attr: int statusBarBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.longrise.android.permission.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
android.support.swiperefreshlayout.R$id: int line1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.coreui.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
com.longrise.android.permission.R$id: int default_activity_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int bottom
android.support.drawerlayout.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
android.support.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
com.longrise.android.permission.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
android.support.loader.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
